What’s going on, Xiao Jian?
You are...?
Let me introduce her to everyone
This is my daughter
Ye Qi Luo
She just returned from London last week
Director Wen has taken great care of Ms. Ye
Today is the first time we get to admire her beauty
She truly has the same elegance as Director Wen
You're flattering us
Xiang Jie Group
is now part of the broadcasting station too
So from now on
let’s not be so formal with each other
Qi Luo just arrived
Let me offer a toast to everyone
Why is that gentleman staring at me?
He’s the host of our TV station
Xiao Jian
Hey, Mr. Star Host
Why do you look so lost?
Look at this wedding photo
Ms. Ye and Xiao Jian’s wife
look exactly alike
He must be missing his wife
Fate is truly mysterious
Mr. Duan,
where is your wife?
I’m really sorry
Please excuse me for a moment
Everyone—
Please, please
That’s impossible
In this world
How could there be two people who look exactly alike?
She can't be Ye Ci
But right now, Ye Ci
is still in prison
That’s right
Do you remember last time
she was able to make a phone call?
Call her now